Add option `tools: linked` for `tools` input of init action. (#2281)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Add `tools: linked` option for input of `init` action. [#2281](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2281)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `tools: latest` input to the `init` Action has been renamed to `tools: linked`. This option specifies that the Action should use the tools shipped at the same time as the Action. The old name will continue to work for backwards compatibility, but we recommend that new workflows use the new name. [#2281](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2281)
```
